when I was supposed to do with
this I am a white kid from
Brooklyn and I'd never been to
an indian reservation with the
boy this deliver the bike like
this like the purpose of this
buffalo hunt is to help feed a
few families in the community
the Bison were everything to the
Lakota there's so much of a
connection between what we are
and what we eat and where we
come from o.o men all hit me
Oh men don't lose faith in me
okay my personal reason for
joining the team on this buffalo
hunt what's to understand how
one animal can be utilized to
show that nothing goes to waste
these tourneys right here right
here in front of his ways isn't
necessarily soon the group had
me take the first shot and in
case i missed a seasoned hunter
was right next to me to take the
backup kill shot
it's critical once you wounded
Buffalo that you actually kill
it because it's very difficult
for a wounded Buffalo to survive
out in the wild ultimately
Ranger Jamie big crow was the
one who took the final kill shot
the reason for butchering the
Buffalo right there and then was
because they needed to use every
single part before it started
rotting oh god oh god it's gonna
smell good
oh god it was very challenging
for me to be sitting there with
that knife but I knew it was
something that I had to do and
when you're walking in someone
else's shoes you do your best
not to ask questions but to just
do so with an open heart
go to the back of the bank its
ultimate consequences are key
there are no roads there's no
axis peppers are defensive i
think the most important thing
about them is they are
incredibly powerful